1# Lägg till en fungerande klocka

2# Experiment with the grab interactable properties [Easy]
Add a new grabbable object to your scene and experiment with the various properties of the XR Grab Interactable component, including:
Movement type: Kinematic vs Instantaneous vs Velocity Tracking
Smooth Position/Rotation Amount and Tighten Position
Throw on Detach properties

3# Add a magnifying glass [Difficult]
Add a functional magnifying glass to your scene that you can use to pick up and examine objects: 
You could use a Camera Render Texture similar to the way the mirror works.
Don’t worry if the ray gets in the way - that will be resolved when we can toggle the rays on and off.

4# Add a notebook that swings open [Expert] 
Add a notebook with a front cover that swings open when you grab it:
Hint: The Notebook_Cover needs a hinge joint with its Connected Body property set to the notebook’s Rigidbody.
If you want, try adding some text to the notebook. 


4# Add rearrangeable art [Medium]
Allow the user to swap the position of art hanging on the wall:
To make a simple hook, create an empty object with a Socket Interactor component, then create a primitive cube child object, scaled and rotated appropriately, to represent the mesh.
To make the pieces of art hang at the correct height, you may need to add an Attach Transform located at the position on the frame the art would hang from. 

5# Add rearrangeable books [Difficult]
Add books to a bookshelf that can be rearranged neatly in any order the user wants: 
In order to get the books to appear at the orientation you want, try creating an empty object with the correct orientation, then making the book object a child object. 

6# Add a phone that plays video [Easy] 
Make a phone that plays a video when you press the trigger:
You can find phone prefabs from the Course Library > Prefabs > Objects > Electronics folder.
You will need to make a new separate “screen” child object with a material similar to the way the TV screen is set up.
Bonus:  Try making the phone cycle through multiple videos using the Play Video > NextClip () function. 

7# Add a functioning flashlight [Medium]
Add a working flashlight into the scene that toggles on and off when you press the trigger, including making a clicking sound to provide audio feedback:
You will need to add a child SpotLight object to the flashlight.
Try using the ToggleLight > Flip () function to flip the light on and off. 

8# Add a functional lighter and candle that can be lit with it [Difficult]
Add a lighter to the scene that produces a flame when you activate it. If the flame gets close to a candle, that candle can be lit. 
You can use the Particle_Flame Prefab
On the candle, use a trigger collider and the OnTrigger script to detect when an object with a particular tag has entered the trigger
Bonus:  Make the flame go out when it is shaken using the OnVelocity script

4.  Add a dart gun or stapler projectile [Expert]
Add a dart gun that shoots darts or a stapler that shoots staples when you press the trigger:
Locate the prefabs for the objects and projectiles in the Course Library > Prefabs > Objects > Launchers folders
Use the LaunchProjectile script provided in the Course Library
If you want, use the DestroyObject script provided in the Course Library to make the projectile disappear after a certain amount of time.
Bonus:  Make the stapler swing open with a hinge joint
Bonus:  Add sounds for when the object is launched

5.  Add a functioning polaroid camera  [Expert] [Requires Programming]
Add a functioning polaroid camera that allows you to preview on a viewfinder screen and print a photo using the trigger:
For the viewfinder screen, look at how the mirror is set up with a render texture.
Look at the documentation for Camera.Render(). 
Don’t worry if the camera is currently rendering your rays for now - we’ll learn how to hide your rays in the next tutorial.
If you want some help, download the example Polaroid and Photo scripts 

3.  Add hinges to cabinet doors [Expert]
Allow the user to open cabinet doors or chest lids using Unity’s physics hinges:
You will need to add a Hinge Joint and rigidbody to the door, and customize its angular limits
You will need to add an XR Grab Interactable component to the handle and may want to add a Fixed Joint connected to your door’s rigidbody.
Make sure your door’s colliders do not overlap any other colliders, which could cause it to get stuck.
Warning: joints are very tricky and can be frustrating. 


